ILM - Adding the option to change samaccountname in AD (#13160)
demisto/content: Packs/Active_Directory_Query/ReleaseNotes/1_1_13.md

#### Integrations
##### Active Directory Query v2

> - Added the option to get user by ***sAMAccountName*** in ***ad-get-user*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the option to get user by the **sAMAccountName** in the ***ad-get-user*** command.
```

> - Added support for updating the *OU*, *Email*, *Manager* and *Manager Email* attributes in ***iam-update-user*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for updating the *OU*, *Email*, *Manager* and *Manager Email* attributes in the ***iam-update-user*** command.
```

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - Active Directory (Outgoing)

> - Added *Manager* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Manager* field.
```

> - Updated the *CN* field mapping to be calculated by *Given Name* and *Surname* fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the *CN* field mapping to be calculated by the *Given Name* and *Surname* fields.
```

#### Integrations
##### Active Directory Query v2
- Added the option to get user by ***sAMAccountName*** in ***ad-get-user*** command.

> - Changed *CN* generation option, it will be generated by first and last name in ***iam-create-user*** command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***iam-create-user*** command to make sure the generated CN is unique.
```

Author: We checked before that it's a unique one, we changed the way it's mapped and I think we should clarify it, wdut?

> - Added *Manager* and *Manager Email* as fields and it will be updated in ***iam-update-user*** command.
> - Added the option to update *Email* in ***iam-update-user*** command.
> - Fixed a bug where *OU* could not be updated in ***iam-update-user*** command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for updating the *OU*, *Email*, *Manager* and *Manager Email* attributes in ***iam-update-user*** command.
```

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - Active Directory (Incoming)
- Added *Manager* and *Manager Email* fields.
##### User Profile - Active Directory (Outgoing)
- Added *Manager* and *Manager Email* fields.

> - Changed *CN* mapping, it will be generated by first and last name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the *CN* field mapping to be calculated by *Given Name* and *Surname* fields.
```

#### Integrations
##### Active Directory Query v2
- Added the option to get user by ***sAMAccountName*** in ***ad-get-user*** command.
- Added support for updating the *OU*, *Email*, *Manager* and *Manager Email* attributes in ***iam-update-user*** command.

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - Active Directory (Incoming)
- Added *Manager* and *Manager Email* fields.
##### User Profile - Active Directory (Outgoing)
- Added *Manager* and *Manager Email* fields.

> - Updated *CN* mapping, it will be generated by first and last name.

Reviewer 2: I think you missed the note I added here before
